docs/api-reference/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description: Learn about the Axle API
---

## API basics

- The Axle API is built on RESTful principles.
- The API operates over HTTPS to ensure the security of data being transferred.
- All requests and responses are sent in JSON.

### Environments

<CodeGroup>

```bash Production
https://api.axle.insure
```

```bash Sandbox
https://sandbox.axle.insure
```

</CodeGroup>

### Authentication

All Axle API requests are authenticated using an client-id and client-secret (API key) pairing sent in the request headers.

- x-client-id — unique identifier for client
- x-client-secret — api key for client (sensitive)

<Check>Contact the Axle team to acquire these keys.</Check>

When making API requests, API keys must match the base URL environment (see above), otherwise a 401-Unauthorized response code will be returned.

### Null values

Individual fields may return null values when the carrier data source supports the field, but no information is present for the selected Account or Policy.

<Tip>
  *Optional* fields, such as `Policy.coverages["BI"].property` or
  `Policy.coverages["UMPD"].deductible` may return `null` or `undefined` *
  `null` - The carrier data source supports the field, but no information is
  present for the selected Account or Policy. * `undefined` - The carrier data
  source supports the field and data is available that specifies that the field
  does not exist on the Account or Policy.
</Tip>

Example Policy:

```json
{
	"...",
	"policyNumber": "123456789",
	"isActive": true,
	"effectiveDate": null,
	"expirationDate": "2023-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
	"address": {
		"addressLine1": "123 Main St.",
		"addressLine2": null,
		"city": "New York",
		"state": "NY",
		"postalCode": "10014",
		"country": "US",
	},
	"coverages": [
		{
      "code": "PD",
      "label": "Property Damage",
      "limitPerAccident": null, // No information was available from carrier data source
      "deductible": undefined, // The carrier data source specifies that here is no deductible present for this coverage
			"property": "prp_83sD63h82bbeu2Dgn"
    },
		"..."
	],
	"..."
}
```

## Objects and Endpoints

Get started with one of the following endpoints

<Card
  title="Ignition"
  icon="circle-play"
  href="/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition"
>
  Manage Ignition sessions.
</Card>

<Card title="Tokens" icon="key" href="/api-reference/tokens/exchange-token">
  Manage and exchange Access Tokens.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Accounts"
  icon="id-card"
  href="/api-reference/accounts/get-account"
>
  Retrieve information about a linked Account.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Policies"
  icon="file-contract"
  href="/api-reference/accounts/get-policy"
>
  Retrieve information about a linked Policy.
</Card>

Commit message:

chore: add destination-client to API overview page

docs/api-reference/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: Learn about the Axle API
---

## API basics

- The Axle API is built on RESTful principles.
- The API operates over HTTPS to ensure the security of data being transferred.
- All requests and responses are sent in JSON.

### Environments

<CodeGroup>

```bash Production
https://api.axle.insure
```

```bash Sandbox
https://sandbox.axle.insure
```

</CodeGroup>

### Authentication

Axle API requests are authenticated using an client-id and client-secret (API key) pairing sent in the request headers.

- x-client-id — unique identifier for client
- x-client-secret — api key for client (sensitive)
- x-destination-client-id - unique identifier for the destination client (optional field used by platform integrations on select routes)

<Check>Contact the Axle team to acquire these keys.</Check>

When making API requests, API keys must match the base URL environment (see above), otherwise a 401-Unauthorized response code will be returned.

### Null values

Individual fields may return null values when the carrier data source supports the field, but no information is present for the selected Account or Policy.

<Tip>
  *Optional* fields, such as `Policy.coverages["BI"].property` or
  `Policy.coverages["UMPD"].deductible` may return `null` or `undefined` *
  `null` - The carrier data source supports the field, but no information is
  present for the selected Account or Policy. * `undefined` - The carrier data
  source supports the field and data is available that specifies that the field
  does not exist on the Account or Policy.
</Tip>

Example Policy:

```json
{
	"...",
	"policyNumber": "123456789",
	"isActive": true,
	"effectiveDate": null,
	"expirationDate": "2023-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
	"address": {
		"addressLine1": "123 Main St.",
		"addressLine2": null,
		"city": "New York",
		"state": "NY",
		"postalCode": "10014",
		"country": "US",
	},
	"coverages": [
		{
      "code": "PD",
      "label": "Property Damage",
      "limitPerAccident": null, // No information was available from carrier data source
      "deductible": undefined, // The carrier data source specifies that here is no deductible present for this coverage
			"property": "prp_83sD63h82bbeu2Dgn"
    },
		"..."
	],
	"..."
}
```

## Objects and Endpoints

Get started with Axle's core endpoints:

<Card
  title="Ignition"
  icon="circle-play"
  href="/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition"
>
  Manage Ignition sessions.
</Card>

<Card title="Tokens" icon="key" href="/api-reference/tokens/exchange-token">
  Manage and exchange Access Tokens.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Accounts"
  icon="id-card"
  href="/api-reference/accounts/get-account"
>
  Retrieve information about a linked Account.
</Card>

<Card
  title="Policies"
  icon="file-contract"
  href="/api-reference/accounts/get-policy"
>
  Retrieve information about a linked Policy.
</Card>
