docs/guides/account-events.mdx, before:

---
title: "Account events"
description: "This guide will walk you through the various Account events that may occur when monitoring an insurance account."
---

Once an insurance account is connected through an Ignition session, Axle can monitor that account for updates. These updates will trigger events that are sent from Axle to your systems via webhook or to your organization via communication channels such as email.

<Info>
  Account events are only sent for insurance accounts connected through Axle
  Ignition sessions that are configured with `monitoring` enabled. Please
  contact the Axle team if you would like to enable this feature!
</Info>

## Webhooks

<Tip>
  You must specify a `webhookUri` when generating an Ignition token to receive
  webhook events. See [Start Ignition](/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition)
  for more details.
  <Snippet file="custom-webhooks.mdx" />
</Tip>

A `POST` request will be sent to the `webhookUri` with the following payload. All events will include `client`, `ref` (Account object identifier), `user` (optionally specified when generating Ignition token), and `metadata` (optionally specified when generating Ignition token).

```json Example webhook payload
{
  "id": "<event_id>",
  "type": "account.modified",
  "data": {
    "client": "<client-id>",
    "ref": "acc_Z4ni-JHBvkn9PlKJHPEwk",
    "user": {},
    "metadata": {},
    ...{ parameters }
  },
  "createdAt": "2022-10-05T14:48:00.000Z"
}
```

### account.modified

When identifying details on the Account change. Refer to [Account](/api-reference/accounts/account) for more details on the fields that can be modified.

### account.disconnected

When Account `connection.status` is no longer "active", meaning Axle is no longer able to monitor the policies present on the account.

```json Additional data parameters (example)
{
  "status": "credentials-expired | mfa-expired | account-disabled | account-inaccessible"
}
```

<Card title="credentials-expired">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user has changed their login credentials or their insurance account
      requires a periodic update of their login credentials.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account cannot be access by Axle due to expired or changed
      credentials. Please complete Axle via [Ignition URI] to reconnect your
      account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="mfa-expired">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account is has re-triggered multi-factor
      authentication, requiring additional authentication for Axle to regain
      access.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account requires additional multi-factor authentication
      (MFA). Please complete Axle via [Ignition URI] to reconnect your account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="account-disabled">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account has been disabled by the insurance carrier
      due to inactivity or policy expiration.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account is no longer available. Please complete Axle via
      [Ignition URI] after re-enabling your account or to connect a different
      account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="account-inaccessible">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account unexpectedly cannot be accessed by Axle,
      despite multiple attempts to reach the insurance carrier. The Axle team
      has been notified and will immediately escalate for resolution. It is
      recommended to reach out to the user to reconnect their account.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account can no longer be accessed by Axle. Please retry
      connecting your account through Axle via [Ignition URI].
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

Commit message:

chore: update docs (#89)
* chore: update docs

* chore: reword event descriptions

* feat: create a new section in monitoring for policy changes

---------

Co-authored-by: Audrey Cheng <audreycheng@audreys-mbp.mynetworksettings.com>
Co-authored-by: Audrey Cheng <audreycheng@Audreys-MacBook-Pro.local>

docs/guides/account-events.mdx, after:

---
title: "Account events"
description: "This guide will walk you through the various Account events that may occur when monitoring an insurance account."
---

Once an insurance account is connected through an Ignition session, Axle can monitor that account for updates. These updates will trigger events that are sent from Axle to your systems via webhook or to your organization via communication channels such as email.

<Info>
  Account events are only sent for insurance accounts connected through Axle
  Ignition sessions that are configured with `monitoring` enabled. Please
  contact the Axle team if you would like to enable this feature!
</Info>

## Webhooks

<Tip>
  You must specify a `webhookUri` when generating an Ignition token to receive
  webhook events. See [Start Ignition](/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition)
  for more details.
  <Snippet file="custom-webhooks.mdx" />
</Tip>

A `POST` request will be sent to the `webhookUri` with the following payload. All events will include `client`, `ref` (Account object identifier), `user` (optionally specified when generating Ignition token), and `metadata` (optionally specified when generating Ignition token).

```json Example webhook payload
{
  "id": "<event_id>",
  "type": "account.modified",
  "data": {
    "client": "<client-id>",
    "ref": "acc_Z4ni-JHBvkn9PlKJHPEwk",
    "user": {},
    "metadata": {},
    ...{ parameters }
  },
  "createdAt": "2022-10-05T14:48:00.000Z"
}
```

### account.modified

This event type indicates details on the Account changed. Refer to [Account](/api-reference/accounts/account) for more details on the fields that can be modified.

### account.disconnected

This event type indicates the Account `connection.status` is no longer "active", meaning Axle is no longer able to monitor the policies present on the account.

```json Additional data parameters (example)
{
  "status": "credentials-expired | mfa-expired | account-disabled | account-inaccessible"
}
```

<Card title="credentials-expired">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user has changed their login credentials or their insurance account
      requires a periodic update of their login credentials.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account cannot be access by Axle due to expired or changed
      credentials. Please complete Axle via [Ignition URI] to reconnect your
      account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="mfa-expired">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account is has re-triggered multi-factor
      authentication, requiring additional authentication for Axle to regain
      access.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account requires additional multi-factor authentication
      (MFA). Please complete Axle via [Ignition URI] to reconnect your account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="account-disabled">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account has been disabled by the insurance carrier
      due to inactivity or policy expiration.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account is no longer available. Please complete Axle via
      [Ignition URI] after re-enabling your account or to connect a different
      account.
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>

<Card title="account-inaccessible">
  <Tabs>
    <Tab title="Common causes">
      The user's insurance account unexpectedly cannot be accessed by Axle,
      despite multiple attempts to reach the insurance carrier. The Axle team
      has been notified and will immediately escalate for resolution. It is
      recommended to reach out to the user to reconnect their account.
    </Tab>
    <Tab title="Recommended messaging">
      Your insurance account can no longer be accessed by Axle. Please retry
      connecting your account through Axle via [Ignition URI].
    </Tab>
  </Tabs>
</Card>
