docs/guides/policy-validation.mdx, before:

---
title: "Policy Validation (Beta)"
description: "Evaluate a set of Rules against a policy to determine if your application's requirements are met."
---

## Overview

When embedding insurance verification into your application, you may want to evaluate whether a shared insurance policy meets your business' requirements. Each supported Rule is an individual check evaluated against the Policy object to determine if the Policy meets a certain requirement or set of requirements.

For example, the `policy-active` Rule checks if the policy is currently active, evaluating to `pass` if the `isActive` field of the policy is `true` and `fail` if it is `false`. If `isActive` is `null` (not provided by the insurance carrier), this Rule will resolve to `unknown`.

Some Rules are more complex, providing additional insight not found on the Policy object. For example, the `rental-covered-for-collision` Rule provides guidance on whether a policy affords coverage for collision damage when an insured is driving a rental vehicle.

Each Rule evaluates to one of the following statuses:

| Status    | Description                                                                                               |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy meets all requirements of the Rule                                                             |
| `fail`    | The policy does not meet all the requirements of the Rule                                                 |
| `caution` | The policy only partially meets the requirements of the Rule or the Rule returns an inconclusive outcome. |
| `unknown` | Not enough data was available to determine the outcome of the Rule                                        |

## Requesting Evaluation Rules

You can request that a Policy be evaluated against a specified set of Rules through the [Validate Policy](/api-reference/policies/validate-policy) endpoint. Each Rule you requested will be run, and you'll receive a response with an overall status determination of either `pass`, `fail`, or `caution`.

- `pass` means that the policy succeded in passing against all of the specified Rules.
- `fail` means that one or more specified Rules evaluated to a status of `fail`.
- `caution` means that one or more specified Rules evaluated to a status of `caution`. In most cases, it is recommended to complete a manual review of the policy.

The response also contains two other fields:

- `summary` - An object containing the names of all Rules on the policy and their resolved statuses.
- `rules` - An object containing the names of each Rules and their run details.

<CodeGroup>
```json Overall Status: Pass
{
  "status": "pass",
  "summary": {
    "policy-active": "pass",
    "rental-covered-for-collision": "pass",
  },
  "rules": {
    "policy-active":{
      "status": "pass",
      "metadata": {...},
    },
    "rental-covered-for-collision": {
      "status": "pass",
      "breakdown": {...},
      "metadata": {...}
    }
  }
}
```

```json Overall Status: Fail
{
  "status": "fail",
  "summary": {
    "policy-active": "pass",
    "rental-covered-for-collision": "fail",
  },
  "rules": {
    "policy-active":{
      "status": "pass",
      "metadata": {...},
    },
    "rental-covered-for-collision": {
      "status": "fail",
      "breakdown": {...},
      "metadata": {...}
    }
  }
}
```

</CodeGroup>

## Supported Rules

<Info>
  The Axle team is actively working on adding additional supported Rules. Please
  reach out with any suggestions!
</Info>

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Policy Active">
  ### `policy-active`

Evaluates whether the policy is currently active.

| Status    | Cause                                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy is currently active               |
| `fail`    | The policy is not currently active           |
| `unknown` | The `isActive` field is unvailable or `null` |

```typescript Example Rule
"policy-active": {
  "status": "pass",
  "metadata": {
    "isActive": true
  }
}
```

  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Rental Vehicle Covered For Collision Damage">
    ### `rental-covered-for-collision`

    Evaluates the likelihood that the policy provides coverage for collision damage when an insured is driving a rental vehicle, based on the collision coverage available on the policy and the policy terms of insurance agreements similar to the one used by this policy.

    There are two ways that a user’s auto insurance policy may cover collision damage to a rental vehicle.

    1. Their policy includes collision coverage and personal collision coverage extends to a rental vehicle.
    2. Their policy is registered in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage to a rental vehicle under property damage liability terms.

    If either of these are true, then the `rental-covered-for-collision` Rule resolves to `pass`.

    #### Rental Coverage Validation AI

    In order to determine if a policy meets these criteria, Axle's Validation AI matches the auto policy to a repository of up-to-date policy agreements (also known as forms) as well as any relevant state regulations, and then synthesizes these resources into a recommendation.

    <Warning>
      The `rental-covered-for-collision` recommendation may not apply the following scenarios:
      - long term rentals (greater than 30 days)
      - rental of medium or heavy duty vehicles (above 10,000 lbs)
      - use of temporary substitute vehicles (such as replacement or loaner vehicle)
      - use of rental vehicle for TNC, DNC, or other auto business
      - rentals outside of the continental United States

      The recommendation made by the Rental Coverage Validation AI should not be treated as legal advice. It is made on a "best-effort" basis. When messaging the recommendation to your application's user,
    </Warning>

| Status    | Cause                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy is likely to cover an insured for collision damage to their rental vehicle either because of their personal collision coverage or due to state regulations. |
| `fail`    | The policy is unlikely to provide coverage for collision damage to a rental vehicle.                                                                                   |
| `caution` | The Rental Coverage Validation AI is not confident in its recommendation.                                                                                              |
| `unknown` | The policy cannot be matched to the required resources to make a recommendation.                                                                                       |

This Validation also returns a message and message code, which can be used to explain to the user why the policy is or is not likely to cover collision damage to a rental vehicle.

| Message Code                        | Evaluation Status | Message                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| coll-extends-to-rental              | `pass`            | The policy has collision coverage and the matching policy agreements indicate that collision coverage extends to rental vehicles.                           |
| pd-covers-rental-collision          | `pass`            | The policy is underwritten in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage under property damage liability terms.                       |
| endorsement-covers-rental-collision | `pass`            | The policy is underwritten in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage under an endorsement.                                        |
| coll-extends-to-rental-with-caution | `caution`         | The policy has collision coverage, but the matching policy agreements have conflicting answers about whether collision coverage extends to rental vehicles. |
| coll-extends-to-rental-with-unknown | `unknown`         | The policy has collision coverage, but there is not enough information to determine if the policy extends collision coverage to rental vehicles.            |
| coll-does-not-extend-to-rental      | `fail`            | The policy has collision coverage, but the matching policy agreements indicate that collision coverage does not extend to rental vehicles.                  |
| coll-not-present                    | `fail`            | The policy does not have collision coverage, and therefore cannot extend collision coverage to rental vehicles.                                             |

```typescript Example Rule
"rental-covered-for-collision": {
  "status": "pass",
  "message": {
    "code": "...",
    "displayText": "..."
  }
  "breakdown": {
    "collision-exists": {
      "value": "pass",
      "metadata": {
        "coverages": [
          {
            "code": "COLL",
            "label": "Collision",
            "deductible": 375,
            "property": "prp_uSdzLVpi8c76H7kl6AQ-F"
          },
          ...
        ]
      }
      "collision-coverage-extends-to-rental": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "carrier": "state-farm",
          "state": "NY"
        }
      },
      "property-damage-covers-rental-collision": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "coverages": [
            {
              "code": "PD",
              "label": "Property Damage",
              "limitPerAccident": 50000,
              "property": "prp_uSdzLVpi8c76H7kl6AQ-F"
            }
          ],
          "state": "NY"
        }
      },
      "endorsement-covers-rental-collision": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "state": "NY"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "metadata": {
  }
}
```

  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

Commit message:

Add more endorsement explanation to docs

docs/guides/policy-validation.mdx, after:

---
title: "Policy Validation (Beta)"
description: "Evaluate a set of Rules against a policy to determine if your application's requirements are met."
---

## Overview

When embedding insurance verification into your application, you may want to evaluate whether a shared insurance policy meets your business' requirements. Each supported Rule is an individual check evaluated against the Policy object to determine if the Policy meets a certain requirement or set of requirements.

For example, the `policy-active` Rule checks if the policy is currently active, evaluating to `pass` if the `isActive` field of the policy is `true` and `fail` if it is `false`. If `isActive` is `null` (not provided by the insurance carrier), this Rule will resolve to `unknown`.

Some Rules are more complex, providing additional insight not found on the Policy object. For example, the `rental-covered-for-collision` Rule provides guidance on whether a policy affords coverage for collision damage when an insured is driving a rental vehicle.

Each Rule evaluates to one of the following statuses:

| Status    | Description                                                                                               |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy meets all requirements of the Rule                                                             |
| `fail`    | The policy does not meet all the requirements of the Rule                                                 |
| `caution` | The policy only partially meets the requirements of the Rule or the Rule returns an inconclusive outcome. |
| `unknown` | Not enough data was available to determine the outcome of the Rule                                        |

## Requesting Evaluation Rules

You can request that a Policy be evaluated against a specified set of Rules through the [Validate Policy](/api-reference/policies/validate-policy) endpoint. Each Rule you requested will be run, and you'll receive a response with an overall status determination of either `pass`, `fail`, or `caution`.

- `pass` means that the policy succeded in passing against all of the specified Rules.
- `fail` means that one or more specified Rules evaluated to a status of `fail`.
- `caution` means that one or more specified Rules evaluated to a status of `caution`. In most cases, it is recommended to complete a manual review of the policy.

The response also contains two other fields:

- `summary` - An object containing the names of all Rules on the policy and their resolved statuses.
- `rules` - An object containing the names of each Rules and their run details.

<CodeGroup>
```json Overall Status: Pass
{
  "status": "pass",
  "summary": {
    "policy-active": "pass",
    "rental-covered-for-collision": "pass",
  },
  "rules": {
    "policy-active":{
      "status": "pass",
      "metadata": {...},
    },
    "rental-covered-for-collision": {
      "status": "pass",
      "breakdown": {...},
      "metadata": {...}
    }
  }
}
```

```json Overall Status: Fail
{
  "status": "fail",
  "summary": {
    "policy-active": "pass",
    "rental-covered-for-collision": "fail",
  },
  "rules": {
    "policy-active":{
      "status": "pass",
      "metadata": {...},
    },
    "rental-covered-for-collision": {
      "status": "fail",
      "breakdown": {...},
      "metadata": {...}
    }
  }
}
```

</CodeGroup>

## Supported Rules

<Info>
  The Axle team is actively working on adding additional supported Rules. Please
  reach out with any suggestions!
</Info>

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Policy Active">
  ### `policy-active`

Evaluates whether the policy is currently active.

| Status    | Cause                                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy is currently active               |
| `fail`    | The policy is not currently active           |
| `unknown` | The `isActive` field is unvailable or `null` |

```typescript Example Rule
"policy-active": {
  "status": "pass",
  "metadata": {
    "isActive": true
  }
}
```

  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Rental Vehicle Covered For Collision Damage">
    ### `rental-covered-for-collision`

    Evaluates the likelihood that the policy provides coverage for collision damage when an insured is driving a rental vehicle, based on the collision coverage available on the policy and the policy terms of insurance agreements similar to the one used by this policy.

    There are three ways that a user’s auto insurance policy may cover collision damage to a rental vehicle.

    1. Their policy includes collision coverage and personal collision coverage extends to a rental vehicle.
    2. Their policy is registered in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage to a rental vehicle under property damage liability terms.
    3. Their policy is registered in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage to a rental vehicle under an endorsement.

    If any of these are true, then the `rental-covered-for-collision` Rule resolves to `pass`.

    #### Rental Coverage Validation AI

    In order to determine if a policy meets these criteria, Axle's Validation AI matches the auto policy to a repository of up-to-date policy agreements (also known as forms) as well as any relevant state regulations, and then synthesizes these resources into a recommendation.

    <Warning>
      The `rental-covered-for-collision` recommendation may not apply the following scenarios:
      - long term rentals (greater than 30 days)
      - rental of medium or heavy duty vehicles (above 10,000 lbs)
      - use of temporary substitute vehicles (such as replacement or loaner vehicle)
      - use of rental vehicle for TNC, DNC, or other auto business
      - rentals outside of the continental United States

      The recommendation made by the Rental Coverage Validation AI should not be treated as legal advice. It is made on a "best-effort" basis. When messaging the recommendation to your application's user,
    </Warning>

| Status    | Cause                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pass`    | The policy is likely to cover an insured for collision damage to their rental vehicle either because of their personal collision coverage or due to state regulations. |
| `fail`    | The policy is unlikely to provide coverage for collision damage to a rental vehicle.                                                                                   |
| `caution` | The Rental Coverage Validation AI is not confident in its recommendation.                                                                                              |
| `unknown` | The policy cannot be matched to the required resources to make a recommendation.                                                                                       |

This Validation also returns a message and message code, which can be used to explain to the user why the policy is or is not likely to cover collision damage to a rental vehicle.

| Message Code                        | Evaluation Status | Message                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| coll-extends-to-rental              | `pass`            | The policy has collision coverage and the matching policy agreements indicate that collision coverage extends to rental vehicles.                           |
| pd-covers-rental-collision          | `pass`            | The policy is underwritten in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage under property damage liability terms.                       |
| endorsement-covers-rental-collision | `pass`            | The policy is underwritten in a state in which policies are required to cover collision damage under an endorsement.                                        |
| coll-extends-to-rental-with-caution | `caution`         | The policy has collision coverage, but the matching policy agreements have conflicting answers about whether collision coverage extends to rental vehicles. |
| coll-extends-to-rental-with-unknown | `unknown`         | The policy has collision coverage, but there is not enough information to determine if the policy extends collision coverage to rental vehicles.            |
| coll-does-not-extend-to-rental      | `fail`            | The policy has collision coverage, but the matching policy agreements indicate that collision coverage does not extend to rental vehicles.                  |
| coll-not-present                    | `fail`            | The policy does not have collision coverage, and therefore cannot extend collision coverage to rental vehicles.                                             |

```typescript Example Rule
"rental-covered-for-collision": {
  "status": "pass",
  "message": {
    "code": "...",
    "displayText": "..."
  }
  "breakdown": {
    "collision-exists": {
      "value": "pass",
      "metadata": {
        "coverages": [
          {
            "code": "COLL",
            "label": "Collision",
            "deductible": 375,
            "property": "prp_uSdzLVpi8c76H7kl6AQ-F"
          },
          ...
        ]
      }
      "collision-coverage-extends-to-rental": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "carrier": "state-farm",
          "state": "NY"
        }
      },
      "property-damage-covers-rental-collision": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "coverages": [
            {
              "code": "PD",
              "label": "Property Damage",
              "limitPerAccident": 50000,
              "property": "prp_uSdzLVpi8c76H7kl6AQ-F"
            }
          ],
          "state": "NY"
        }
      },
      "endorsement-covers-rental-collision": {
        "status": "pass",
        "metadata": {
          "state": "NY"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "metadata": {
  }
}
```

  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>
