docs/guides/quickstart.mdx, before:

---
title: "Quickstart"
description: "Axle's powerful API makes it easy for you to quickly retrieve detailed
information from your users' insurance policies. Here at Axle, we're champions for consumer data control and privacy, so you'll need to gain consent from the user to access their information."
---

This is where Ignition - Axle's consumer facing consent widget - comes into
play. This guide will walk you through setting up Ignition, obtaining access
tokens, and making API requests against the Axle API.

How it works Axle provides a consistent, single point integration to connect
your users' insurance accounts to your application. To do so, Axle closely
follows the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code flow which begins when your user wants
to link their insurance account to your application.

### Step 1: Create an Ignition token

Make a POST request to /ignition with a
redirect url - the URL we'll redirect the user to after linking their account -
and optionally a webhook url. In return, you'll retrieve an ignitionToken which
you'll need to pass to your app's client. This token will be used to initialize
Ignition and allows us to create secure, trackable session with your user.

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.axle.insure/ignition \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
  --header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O' \
  --data '{
  "redirectUri": "https://example.com/insurance/success",
  "webhookUri": "https://example.com/webhook"
}'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "ignitionToken": "ign_ur7EPeAa0km4wRlDrPJ4Z",
    "ignitionUri": "https://ignition.dev.axle.insure/?token=ign_ur7EPeAa0km4wRlDrPJ4Z"
  }
}
```

<Warning>
  Never send requests from your client to the Axle API. Establishing a session
  server side allows us to create a secure session without exposing your
  credentials.
</Warning>

### Step 2: Initialize Ignition

Next, construct an Axle authorization URL using
`https://ignition.axle.insure?token={ignitionToken}` for production and
`https://ignition.sandbox.axle.insure?token={ignitionToken}` for development.

Now that you've constructed an Axle authorization URL you can open an Ignition
authentication session for the user to link their account:

- On iOS, we suggest leveraging Apple's natively supported `ASWebAuthentication`
  session
- On Android, we suggest using `Chrome Custom Tabs` to create an in-app session
  and Android App Links to listen for successful completions.
- On web, we suggest simply directing the user to the Axle authorization URL and
  setting up a route to handle the redirection parameters, although it is
  certainly possible to initialize an iframe in a modal and listen for redirect
  attempts (e.g., using `Window.postMessage())`.

<Check>
**Congrats!**

At this stage the user will now be able to securely link their insurance account
to Axle 🎉.

</Check>

### Step 3: Exchange tokens

Once the user successfully links their account, you'll receive an authorization
code as a query parameter at the `redirectUri` you provided in step 1.

However, data sent by a client - especially via URLs - is generally considered
insecure. That's where the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code grant comes into play.
We'll exchange the short-lived `authCode` for a long-lived `accessToken` server
side. You can read more about OAuth 2.0 authorization code grants here.

<Note>
  `authCodes` expire after 10 minutes so be sure you're exchanging codes in real
  time.
</Note>

To do so, make a `POST` request with your `authCode` to `token/exchange`. In
return you'll receive an `accessToken` and an `accountId`.

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request POST \
--url https://api.axle.insure/token/exchange \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
--header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O' \
--data '{
"authCode": "cod_LGUgD5ZnqWy3pThdOLUsT"
}'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "accountId": "acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
    "accessToken": "tok_IwShXCT_JPr6rmtiCVxcQ"
  }
}
```

### Step 4: Store access credentials

Store the `accessToken` and `accountId` received in step 4 in your database -
they'll be used to access account and policy information for the user going
forward.

<Check>
**Congrats!**

You have now received an accessToken that represents consent from the user and
can now leverage the Axle API to access their insurance data 🎉🎉!

</Check>

### Step 5: Retrieve the Account

Now that we have an `accessToken`, we can retrieve the Account object for the
user's linked account by making a `GET` request to `accounts/{id}` with
the `accessToken` passed in the `x-access-token` header. By passing the `expand` parameter, we can also can retrieve all Policy objects available on the account:

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request GET \
  --url https://api.axle.insure/accounts/acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv?expand=true \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'x-access-token: tok_IwShXCT_JPr6rmtiCVxcQ' \
  --header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
  --header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
    "firstName": "John",
    "lastName": "Smith",
    "email": "john.smith@grr.la",
    "carrier": "state-farm",
    "policies": [
      {
        "id": "pol_CbxGmGWnp9bGAFCC-eod2",
        "accountId": "gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
        "type": "auto",
        "carrier": "state-farm",
        "policyNumber": "123456789",
        "isActive": true,
        "effectiveDate": "2021-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
        "expirationDate": "2022-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
        "address": {
          "addressLine1": "123 Fake St.",
          "addressLine2": "Unit 456",
          "city": "Atlanta",
          "state": "Georgia",
          "postalCode": "30315",
          "country": "USA"
        },
        "coverages": [
          {
            "limitPerPerson": 250000,
            "code": "BI",
            "label": "Bodily Injury Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 500000
          },
          {
            "code": "PD",
            "label": "Property Damage Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 100000
          },
          {
            "limitPerPerson": 100000,
            "code": "UMBI",
            "label": "Uninsured Bodily Injury Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 300000
          },
          {
            "code": "COMP",
            "label": "Comprehensive",
            "deductible": 375
          },
          {
            "code": "COLL",
            "label": "Collision",
            "deductible": 375
          }
        ],
        "properties": [
          {
            "type": "vehicle",
            "data": {
              "bodyStyle": "sedan",
              "vin": "WDDWJ8EB4KF776265",
              "model": "C 300",
              "year": "2019",
              "make": "Mercedes-Benz"
            },
            "lienholders": []
          }
        ],
        "insureds": [
          {
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Smith",
            "dateOfBirthYear": "1990",
            "licenseNo": "•••••1234",
            "licenseState": "GA",
            "licenseStatus": "Valid",
            "type": "Primary"
          },
          {
            "firstName": "Jane",
            "lastName": "Doe",
            "dateOfBirthYear": "1992",
            "licenseNo": "•••••5678",
            "licenseState": "GA",
            "licenseStatus": "Valid",
            "type": "Secondary"
          }
        ],
        "createdAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "modifiedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "refreshedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
      }
    ],
    "connection": {
      "status": "active",
      "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    },
    "createdAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "modifiedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "refreshedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
  }
}
```

<Check>
**Well Done!**

Now that you can access the Axle API, be sure to visit the full 📖 API Reference
to see what endpoints and objects are available.

</Check>

Commit message:

Add documentation links to quickstart

docs/guides/quickstart.mdx, after:

---
title: "Quickstart"
description: "Axle's powerful API makes it easy for you to quickly retrieve detailed
information from your users' insurance policies. Here at Axle, we're champions for consumer data control and privacy, so you'll need to gain consent from the user to access their information."
---

This is where Ignition - Axle's consumer facing consent widget - comes into
play. This guide will walk you through setting up Ignition, obtaining access
tokens, and making API requests against the Axle API.

How it works Axle provides a consistent, single point integration to connect
your users' insurance accounts to your application. To do so, Axle closely
follows the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code flow which begins when your user wants
to link their insurance account to your application.

### Step 1: Create an Ignition token

Make a POST request to /ignition with a
redirect url - the URL we'll redirect the user to after linking their account -
and optionally a webhook url. In return, you'll retrieve an ignitionToken which
you'll need to pass to your app's client. This token will be used to initialize
Ignition and allows us to create secure, trackable session with your user.

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.axle.insure/ignition \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
  --header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O' \
  --data '{
  "redirectUri": "https://example.com/insurance/success",
  "webhookUri": "https://example.com/webhook"
}'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "ignitionToken": "ign_ur7EPeAa0km4wRlDrPJ4Z",
    "ignitionUri": "https://ignition.dev.axle.insure/?token=ign_ur7EPeAa0km4wRlDrPJ4Z"
  }
}
```

<Warning>
  Never send requests from your client to the Axle API. Establishing a session
  server side allows us to create a secure session without exposing your
  credentials.
</Warning>

### Step 2: Initialize Ignition

Next, construct an Axle authorization URL using
`https://ignition.axle.insure?token={ignitionToken}` for production and
`https://ignition.sandbox.axle.insure?token={ignitionToken}` for development.

Now that you've constructed an Axle authorization URL you can open an Ignition
authentication session for the user to link their account:

- On iOS, we suggest leveraging Apple's natively supported `ASWebAuthentication`
  session ([full documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/authenticationservices/authenticating_a_user_through_a_web_service))
- On Android, we suggest using `Chrome Custom Tabs` ([full documentation](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/android/custom-tabs/integration-guide/)) to create an in-app session and Android App Links ([full documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links)) to deep-link back into your application.
- On web, we suggest simply directing the user to the Axle authorization URL and
  setting up a route to handle the redirection parameters, or initialize the session within an iframe modal and listen for redirect
  attempts (e.g., using `Window.postMessage())`.

<Check>
**Congrats!**

At this stage the user will now be able to securely link their insurance account
to Axle 🎉.

</Check>

### Step 3: Exchange tokens

Once the user successfully links their account, you'll receive an authorization
code as a query parameter at the `redirectUri` you provided in step 1.

However, data sent by a client - especially via URLs - is generally considered
insecure. That's where the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code grant comes into play.
We'll exchange the short-lived `authCode` for a long-lived `accessToken` server
side. You can read more about OAuth 2.0 authorization code grants here.

<Note>
  `authCodes` expire after 10 minutes so be sure you're exchanging codes in real
  time.
</Note>

To do so, make a `POST` request with your `authCode` to `token/exchange`. In
return you'll receive an `accessToken` and an `accountId`.

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request POST \
--url https://api.axle.insure/token/exchange \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
--header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O' \
--data '{
"authCode": "cod_LGUgD5ZnqWy3pThdOLUsT"
}'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "accountId": "acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
    "accessToken": "tok_IwShXCT_JPr6rmtiCVxcQ"
  }
}
```

### Step 4: Store access credentials

Store the `accessToken` and `accountId` received in step 4 in your database -
they'll be used to access account and policy information for the user going
forward.

<Check>
**Congrats!**

You have now received an accessToken that represents consent from the user and
can now leverage the Axle API to access their insurance data 🎉🎉!

</Check>

### Step 5: Retrieve the Account

Now that we have an `accessToken`, we can retrieve the Account object for the
user's linked account by making a `GET` request to `accounts/{id}` with
the `accessToken` passed in the `x-access-token` header. By passing the `expand` parameter, we can also can retrieve all Policy objects available on the account:

```bash Request Sample: cURL
curl --request GET \
  --url https://api.axle.insure/accounts/acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv?expand=true \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'x-access-token: tok_IwShXCT_JPr6rmtiCVxcQ' \
  --header 'x-client-id: cli_mZj6YGXhQyQnccN97aXbq' \
  --header 'x-client-secret: RZM-5BErZuChKqycbCS1O'
```

```json Response Example
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "acc_gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
    "firstName": "John",
    "lastName": "Smith",
    "email": "john.smith@grr.la",
    "carrier": "state-farm",
    "policies": [
      {
        "id": "pol_CbxGmGWnp9bGAFCC-eod2",
        "accountId": "gM2wn_gaqUv76ZljeVXOv",
        "type": "auto",
        "carrier": "state-farm",
        "policyNumber": "123456789",
        "isActive": true,
        "effectiveDate": "2021-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
        "expirationDate": "2022-10-22T04:00:00.000Z",
        "address": {
          "addressLine1": "123 Fake St.",
          "addressLine2": "Unit 456",
          "city": "Atlanta",
          "state": "Georgia",
          "postalCode": "30315",
          "country": "USA"
        },
        "coverages": [
          {
            "limitPerPerson": 250000,
            "code": "BI",
            "label": "Bodily Injury Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 500000
          },
          {
            "code": "PD",
            "label": "Property Damage Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 100000
          },
          {
            "limitPerPerson": 100000,
            "code": "UMBI",
            "label": "Uninsured Bodily Injury Liability",
            "limitPerAccident": 300000
          },
          {
            "code": "COMP",
            "label": "Comprehensive",
            "deductible": 375
          },
          {
            "code": "COLL",
            "label": "Collision",
            "deductible": 375
          }
        ],
        "properties": [
          {
            "type": "vehicle",
            "data": {
              "bodyStyle": "sedan",
              "vin": "WDDWJ8EB4KF776265",
              "model": "C 300",
              "year": "2019",
              "make": "Mercedes-Benz"
            },
            "lienholders": []
          }
        ],
        "insureds": [
          {
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Smith",
            "dateOfBirthYear": "1990",
            "licenseNo": "•••••1234",
            "licenseState": "GA",
            "licenseStatus": "Valid",
            "type": "Primary"
          },
          {
            "firstName": "Jane",
            "lastName": "Doe",
            "dateOfBirthYear": "1992",
            "licenseNo": "•••••5678",
            "licenseState": "GA",
            "licenseStatus": "Valid",
            "type": "Secondary"
          }
        ],
        "createdAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "modifiedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "refreshedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
      }
    ],
    "connection": {
      "status": "active",
      "updatedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    },
    "createdAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "modifiedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
    "refreshedAt": "2022-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
  }
}
```

<Check>
**Well Done!**

Now that you can access the Axle API, be sure to visit the full 📖 API Reference
to see what endpoints and objects are available.

</Check>
