docs/guides/sandbox.mdx, before:

---
title: "Sandbox"
description: "The Axle sandbox can be used to test your integration of Axle's API in your application or platform. All Axle API endpoints can access the sandbox environment."
---

<Info>
  If you have not received access to the Axle sandbox, please reach out to the
  Axle team!
</Info>

## Accessing the sandbox

```bash Sandbox API
https://sandbox.axle.insure
```

```bash Ignition
https://ignition.sandbox.axle.insure
```

```bash Dashboard
https://dashboard.sandbox.axle.insure
```

## Testing Ignition completions in the sandbox

### Result: `link`

#### Using test credentials to complete Login

1. Once an `Ignition` session has been generated ([more details can be found here](/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition)), select one of the test credentials based on which Axle scenario you would like to test. These credentials can be used for any carrier listed.
2. Input credentials into login page to simulate connecting to an insurance account for the selected carrier.
3. If applicable, complete the Ignition session by selecting a policy that you would like to test against.

Congrats! Now you can access sample [Account](/api-reference/accounts/account) or [Policy](/api-reference/policies/policy) objects after exchanging the generated `authCode` for an `accessToken`. See the [Quickstart](/guides/quickstart) guide for more details.

#### Test credentials

**Simple `auto`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several active `auto` policies.

```
username: username
password: password
```

**Minimum `auto`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several `auto` policies, one of which has **inactive** status and one which satisfies only the minimum required policy coverage in most states.

```
username: user-auto-state-minimum
password: pass-auto-state-minimum
```

**Simple `home`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several active `home` policies.

```
username: user-home
password: pass-home
```

**Error**

The following credentials will fail to connect to the Axle service, resulting in an `errored` status for the Ignition session.

```
username: user-error
password: pass-error
```

### Result: `manual`

You can complete Ignition sessions manually by selecting "My carrier is not listed" on the carrier selection page and then uploading any document of the allowed types (defaults to `pdf`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `png`).

<Tip>
  Your Axle `client` will be configured in the sandbox to mirror what will be
  used by your application's production environment. Contact the Axle team if
  you would like to make any changes, such as enabling "manual" Ignition
  completions.
</Tip>

#### Sending test documents through Axle's Document AI

If your Axle `client` is configured to used Document AI, you can use the following test documents to complete Ignition sessions and receive the expected Policy response.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Auto policy">
    <Card
      title="Identification (ID) card"
      icon="file"
      href="https://axle-labs-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/id-card.png"
    ></Card>
    <Card
      title="Declarations page"
      icon="file"
      href="https://axle-labs-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/declarations-page.pdf"
    ></Card>
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Home policy">
    <Info>
      The Axle team is currently working on providing the right sandbox
      experience to test Document AI for home policies. You can continue testing
      via the existing manual process, but stay tuned for updates!
    </Info>
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Testing monitoring notifications in the sandbox

After completing an Ignition session and exchanging the `authCode` for an `accessToken`, you can trigger an Account event through [`POST /sandbox/account/{accountId}/event`](/api-reference/sandbox/trigger-account-event) or Policy event through [`POST /sandbox/policies/{policyId}/event`](/api-reference/sandbox/trigger-policy-event).

<Tip>
  You can also test notifications sent to other communication channels such as
  email or Slack by making a request to the same Axle API endpoints. Reach out
  to the Axle team to ensure your `client` is properly configured!
</Tip>

The following [Account events](/guides/account-events) and [Policy events](guides/policy-events) are supported:

**account.modified**

You can modify Account fields to simulate an `account.modified` event. The following example will change `email`, `firstName`, and `phone` fields on an existing Account.

```
{
  "email": "updatedEmail@axle.insure",
  "firstName": "Jane",
  "phone" "+14041230101"
}
```

**account.disconnected**

You can test `account.disconnected` event by setting the connection status to one of the "inactive" states. Refer to Account object for all the available [cases](/api-reference/accounts/account).

```
{
  "connection": {
      "status": "credentials-expired"
  }
}
```

<Info>
  When account has been set as `disconnected`, your user will need to complete
  an Axle Ignition session to reconnect it. If the user reconnects the same
  insurance account and policy, Axle will merge the updated information with any
  existing Account or Policy objects. More info on `account.disconnected` can be
  found [here](/guides/account-events#account-disconnected).
</Info>

**policy.modified**

You can modify Policy fields to simulate a `policy.modified` event. The following example will set Policy as inactive (e.g., the policy has been cancelled) as well as update the Policy address.

```
{
  "isActive": false,
  "address": {
      "addressLine1": "New Street",
      "addressLine2": "New Apt",
      "city": "Atlanta",
      "postalCode": "30315",
      "state": "GA",
      "country: "USA"
  }
}
```

Commit message:

updated docs for Policy Lookup sandbox input (#100)

docs/guides/sandbox.mdx, after:

---
title: "Sandbox"
description: "The Axle sandbox can be used to test your integration of Axle's API in your application or platform. All Axle API endpoints can access the sandbox environment."
---

<Info>
  If you have not received access to the Axle sandbox, please reach out to the
  Axle team!
</Info>

## Accessing the sandbox

```bash Sandbox API
https://sandbox.axle.insure
```

```bash Ignition
https://ignition.sandbox.axle.insure
```

```bash Dashboard
https://dashboard.sandbox.axle.insure
```

## Testing Ignition completions in the sandbox

### Result: `link`

#### Using test credentials to complete Login

1. Once an `Ignition` session has been generated ([more details can be found here](/api-reference/ignition/start-ignition)), select one of the test credentials based on which Axle scenario you would like to test. These credentials can be used for any carrier listed.
2. Input credentials into login page to simulate connecting to an insurance account for the selected carrier.
3. If applicable, complete the Ignition session by selecting a policy that you would like to test against.

Congrats! Now you can access sample [Account](/api-reference/accounts/account) or [Policy](/api-reference/policies/policy) objects after exchanging the generated `authCode` for an `accessToken`. See the [Quickstart](/guides/quickstart) guide for more details.

#### Test credentials

**Simple `auto`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several active `auto` policies.

```
username: username
password: password
```

**Minimum `auto`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several `auto` policies, one of which has **inactive** status and one which satisfies only the minimum required policy coverage in most states.

```
username: user-auto-state-minimum
password: pass-auto-state-minimum
```

**Simple `home`**

The following credentials will connect to an account with several active `home` policies.

```
username: user-home
password: pass-home
```

**Error**

The following credentials will fail to connect to the Axle service, resulting in an `errored` status for the Ignition session.

```
username: user-error
password: pass-error
```

#### Using test inputs to complete Policy Lookup

1. After generating an `Ignition` session, select one of the below test inputs based on which Axle scenario you would like to test. These inputs can only be used for carriers that support Policy Lookup.
2. Navigate to a carrier which supports Policy Lookup.
3. Click on "Search your policy number" to arrive at the Policy Lookup page.
4. Type in the test inputs and click on "Search" to simulate searching for policy details from the selected carrier.

After seeing the Success page, you can now access sample [Account](/api-reference/accounts/account) or [Policy](/api-reference/policies/policy) objects after exchanging the generated `authCode` for an `accessToken`. See the [Quickstart](/guides/quickstart) guide for more details.

#### Test credentials

**`auto`**

The following test inputs will connect to a sample `auto` policy.

```
Policy number: A123456789
Last 5 of your VIN: any 5 digit input (e.g. 12345)
```

**Error**

The following inputs will fail to connect to the Axle service, resulting in an `errored` status for the Ignition session.

```
Policy number: error
Last 5 of your VIN: any 5 digit input (e.g. 12345)
```

### Result: `manual`

You can complete Ignition sessions manually by selecting "My carrier is not listed" on the carrier selection page and then uploading any document of the allowed types (defaults to `pdf`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `png`).

<Tip>
  Your Axle `client` will be configured in the sandbox to mirror what will be
  used by your application's production environment. Contact the Axle team if
  you would like to make any changes, such as enabling "manual" Ignition
  completions.
</Tip>

#### Sending test documents through Axle's Document AI

If your Axle `client` is configured to used Document AI, you can use the following test documents to complete Ignition sessions and receive the expected Policy response.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Auto policy">
    <Card
      title="Identification (ID) card"
      icon="file"
      href="https://axle-labs-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/id-card.png"
    ></Card>
    <Card
      title="Declarations page"
      icon="file"
      href="https://axle-labs-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/declarations-page.pdf"
    ></Card>
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Home policy">
    <Info>
      The Axle team is currently working on providing the right sandbox
      experience to test Document AI for home policies. You can continue testing
      via the existing manual process, but stay tuned for updates!
    </Info>
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Testing monitoring notifications in the sandbox

After completing an Ignition session and exchanging the `authCode` for an `accessToken`, you can trigger an Account event through [`POST /sandbox/account/{accountId}/event`](/api-reference/sandbox/trigger-account-event) or Policy event through [`POST /sandbox/policies/{policyId}/event`](/api-reference/sandbox/trigger-policy-event).

<Tip>
  You can also test notifications sent to other communication channels such as
  email or Slack by making a request to the same Axle API endpoints. Reach out
  to the Axle team to ensure your `client` is properly configured!
</Tip>

The following [Account events](/guides/account-events) and [Policy events](guides/policy-events) are supported:

**account.modified**

You can modify Account fields to simulate an `account.modified` event. The following example will change `email`, `firstName`, and `phone` fields on an existing Account.

```
{
  "email": "updatedEmail@axle.insure",
  "firstName": "Jane",
  "phone" "+14041230101"
}
```

**account.disconnected**

You can test `account.disconnected` event by setting the connection status to one of the "inactive" states. Refer to Account object for all the available [cases](/api-reference/accounts/account).

```
{
  "connection": {
      "status": "credentials-expired"
  }
}
```

<Info>
  When account has been set as `disconnected`, your user will need to complete
  an Axle Ignition session to reconnect it. If the user reconnects the same
  insurance account and policy, Axle will merge the updated information with any
  existing Account or Policy objects. More info on `account.disconnected` can be
  found [here](/guides/account-events#account-disconnected).
</Info>

**policy.modified**

You can modify Policy fields to simulate a `policy.modified` event. The following example will set Policy as inactive (e.g., the policy has been cancelled) as well as update the Policy address.

```
{
  "isActive": false,
  "address": {
      "addressLine1": "New Street",
      "addressLine2": "New Apt",
      "city": "Atlanta",
      "postalCode": "30315",
      "state": "GA",
      "country: "USA"
  }
}
```
